README.md, before:

dropwizard-swagger
==================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger?branch=master)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger.svg?style=flat-square)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger/)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger/tree/master)

A Dropwizard bundle that serves Swagger UI static content and loads Swagger endpoints. Swagger UI static content is taken from https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui

Current version has been tested with Dropwizard 1.0.5 and Swagger 1.5.12 which supports Swagger 2 spec!

Note: if you come from previous versions there have been some changes in the way the bundle is configured, see details below.

License
-------

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Version matrix
--------------

dropwizard-swagger| Dropwizard |Swagger API|Swagger UI
------------------|------------|-----------|----------
     < 0.5        |   0.7.x    |   1.3.2   |    ?
       0.5.x      |   0.7.x    |   1.3.12  | v2.1.4-M1
       0.6.x      |   0.8.0    |   1.3.12  | v2.1.4-M1
       0.7.x      |   0.8.x    |   1.5.1-M2| v2.1.4-M1
       0.7.2      |   0.8.4    |   1.5.3   | v2.1.2
       0.9.x      |   0.9.x    |   1.5.9   | v2.1.5
       1.0.x      |   1.0.x    |   1.5.12  | v2.2.10

How to use it
-------------

* Add the Maven dependency (available in Maven Central)

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.smoketurner</groupId>
    <artifactId>dropwizard-swagger</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.5-3</version>
</dependency>
```


* Add the following to your Configuration class:

```java
public class YourConfiguration extends Configuration {

    @JsonProperty("swagger")
    public SwaggerBundleConfiguration swaggerBundleConfiguration;
```

* Add the following your configuration yaml (this is the minimal configuration you need):

```yaml
prop1: value1
prop2: value2

# the only required property is resourcePackage, for more config options see below
swagger:
  resourcePackage: <a comma separated string of the packages that contain your @Api annotated resources>
```

* In your Application class:

```java
@Override
public void initialize(Bootstrap<YourConfiguration> bootstrap) {
    bootstrap.addBundle(new SwaggerBundle<YourConfiguration>() {
        @Override
        protected SwaggerBundleConfiguration getSwaggerBundleConfiguration(YourConfiguration configuration) {
            return configuration.swaggerBundleConfiguration;
        }
    });
}
```

* As usual, add Swagger annotations to your resource classes and methods

* Open a browser and hit `http://localhost:<your_port>/swagger`

Additional Swagger configuration
--------------------------------

To see all the properties that can be used to customize Swagger see [SwaggerBundleConfiguration.java](src/main/java/io/federecio/dropwizard/swagger/SwaggerBundleConfiguration.java)


### URL Configuration

Three configuration values determine where and how swagger shows up in your application.

#### Jersey Root Path

This is where your dropwizard application lives. Logically your code considers 
itself residing at `/` but this property can override that.
For example: `/myapplication`  

See server.applicationContextPath.

#### uriPrefix

Typically left unset.

This is not a property for Swagger but for bundle to set up Swagger correctly. 
It only needs to be used of the root path or the context path
is set programmatically and therefore cannot be derived correctly. The
problem arises in that if you set the root path or context path in the
run() method in your Application subclass the bundle has already been
initialized by that time and so does not know you set the path
programmatically.

#### viewUriRoot

Swagger.json and the Swagger UI normally register themselves at `/swagger.json` 
and `/swagger`. Assuming you had the server.applicationContextPath set to 
`/myapplication`, this would locate swagger at `/myapplication/swagger.json` and 
`/myapplication/swagger`. But what if you wanted the swagger UI to be at a different root?

This value overrides where swagger, swagger.json, and swagger-asset are registered.
For example, if viewUriRoot is `/docs` then the swagger.json file will be found at
`/myapplication/docs/swagger.json`


A note on Swagger 2
-------------------

Host and port do not seem to be needed for Swagger 2 to work properly as it uses relative URLs. At the moment I haven't run through all the scenarios so some adjustments might be needed, please open a bug if you encounter any problems.


Contributors
------------

* Federico Recio [@federecio](http://twitter.com/federecio)
* Jochen Szostek [prefabsoft] (http://prefabsoft.com)
* Damien Raude-Morvan [drazzib] (https://github.com/drazzib)
* Marcel Stör [marcelstoer] (https://github.com/marcelstoer)
* Flemming Frandsen https://github.com/dren-dk
* Tristan Burch [tburch] (https://github.com/tburch)
* Matt Carrier [mattcarrier] (https://github.com/mattcarrier)
* Justin Plock [jplock] (https://github.com/jplock)
* Ian Rogers [IanRogers-LShift] (https://github.com/IanRogers-LShift)

Commit message:

SimpleServerWithViewUriRoot tests
default server with view uri root set

simple server with root and view set

simple with application context and view

app context and root and view

default: app context and view

default root and view

Default appcontext and root and view

selenium: default view

selenium: appcontext + view

add note and link about installing chrome driver

making sense of these paths and adding comments to help make sense ...

README.md, after:

dropwizard-swagger
==================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger?branch=master)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger.svg?style=flat-square)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger/)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/smoketurner/dropwizard-swagger/tree/master)

A Dropwizard bundle that serves Swagger UI static content and loads Swagger endpoints. Swagger UI static content is taken from https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui

Current version has been tested with Dropwizard 1.0.5 and Swagger 1.5.12 which supports Swagger 2 spec!

Note: if you come from previous versions there have been some changes in the way the bundle is configured, see details below.

License
-------

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Version matrix
--------------

dropwizard-swagger| Dropwizard |Swagger API|Swagger UI
------------------|------------|-----------|----------
     < 0.5        |   0.7.x    |   1.3.2   |    ?
       0.5.x      |   0.7.x    |   1.3.12  | v2.1.4-M1
       0.6.x      |   0.8.0    |   1.3.12  | v2.1.4-M1
       0.7.x      |   0.8.x    |   1.5.1-M2| v2.1.4-M1
       0.7.2      |   0.8.4    |   1.5.3   | v2.1.2
       0.9.x      |   0.9.x    |   1.5.9   | v2.1.5
       1.0.x      |   1.0.x    |   1.5.12  | v2.2.10

How to use it
-------------

* Add the Maven dependency (available in Maven Central)

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.smoketurner</groupId>
    <artifactId>dropwizard-swagger</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.5-3</version>
</dependency>
```


* Add the following to your Configuration class:

```java
public class YourConfiguration extends Configuration {

    @JsonProperty("swagger")
    public SwaggerBundleConfiguration swaggerBundleConfiguration;
```

* Add the following your configuration yaml (this is the minimal configuration you need):

```yaml
prop1: value1
prop2: value2

# the only required property is resourcePackage, for more config options see below
swagger:
  resourcePackage: <a comma separated string of the packages that contain your @Api annotated resources>
```

* In your Application class:

```java
@Override
public void initialize(Bootstrap<YourConfiguration> bootstrap) {
    bootstrap.addBundle(new SwaggerBundle<YourConfiguration>() {
        @Override
        protected SwaggerBundleConfiguration getSwaggerBundleConfiguration(YourConfiguration configuration) {
            return configuration.swaggerBundleConfiguration;
        }
    });
}
```

* As usual, add Swagger annotations to your resource classes and methods

* Open a browser and hit `http://localhost:<your_port>/swagger`

Additional Swagger configuration
--------------------------------

To see all the properties that can be used to customize Swagger see [SwaggerBundleConfiguration.java](src/main/java/io/federecio/dropwizard/swagger/SwaggerBundleConfiguration.java)


### URL Configuration

Three configuration values determine where and how swagger shows up in your application.

#### Jersey Root Path

This is where your dropwizard application lives. Logically your code considers 
itself residing at `/` but this property can override that.
For example: `/myapplication`  

See server.applicationContextPath.

#### uriPrefix

Typically left unset.

This is not a property for Swagger but for bundle to set up Swagger correctly. 
It only needs to be used of the root path or the context path
is set programmatically and therefore cannot be derived correctly. The
problem arises in that if you set the root path or context path in the
run() method in your Application subclass the bundle has already been
initialized by that time and so does not know you set the path
programmatically.

#### viewUriRoot

Swagger.json and the Swagger UI normally register themselves at `/swagger.json` 
and `/swagger`. Assuming you had the server.applicationContextPath set to 
`/myapplication`, this would locate swagger at `/myapplication/swagger.json` and 
`/myapplication/swagger`. But what if you wanted the swagger UI to be at a different root?

This value overrides where swagger, swagger.json, and swagger-asset are registered.
For example, if viewUriRoot is `/docs` then the swagger.json file will be found at
`/myapplication/docs/swagger.json`


A note on Swagger 2
-------------------

Host and port do not seem to be needed for Swagger 2 to work properly as it uses relative URLs. At the moment I haven't run through all the scenarios so some adjustments might be needed, please open a bug if you encounter any problems.

Contributing
------------

In order to run the unit test suite you will need to install the appropriate [Chrome Driver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads).

Contributors
------------

* Federico Recio [@federecio](http://twitter.com/federecio)
* Jochen Szostek [prefabsoft] (http://prefabsoft.com)
* Damien Raude-Morvan [drazzib] (https://github.com/drazzib)
* Marcel Stör [marcelstoer] (https://github.com/marcelstoer)
* Flemming Frandsen https://github.com/dren-dk
* Tristan Burch [tburch] (https://github.com/tburch)
* Matt Carrier [mattcarrier] (https://github.com/mattcarrier)
* Justin Plock [jplock] (https://github.com/jplock)
* Ian Rogers [IanRogers-LShift] (https://github.com/IanRogers-LShift)
